gh-109164: Replace `getopt` with `argparse` in pdb (#109165)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-09-08-22-26-26.gh-issue-109164.-9BFWR.rst

> Replace getopt with argparse for parsing arguments in :mod:`pdb`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`pdb`: Replace :mod:`getopt` with :mod:`argparse` for parsing command line arguments.
```
